He did a fine somersault.
He'll be a gymnast.
Dance, Mommy.
It'll make my little brother dance.
Come on, Daddy. Dance.
Daddy, why are you turning it down?
It's not done. The sound disturbs people.
What people?
Honestly, do you see anyone here?
At home, we are careful
because of the neighbors.
But we don't even have neighbors!
And nobody ever comes over.
Mommy, ask him to turn it up.
Come on, Daddy. Turn it up.
There, you can dance.
- What was that?
- I don't know.
Pass me a tissue.
Nilufar, don't stay
near the window.
Thank God we're safe and sound.
Turn it off.
You killed it.
I didn't even see it.
It jumped out in front of the car.
Sweetheart, the road isn't lit.
These poor animals get run over.
It was just an accident.
What will be will be.
God surely put it on our path
for a reason.
He killed a dog.
God has nothing to do with it.
It's not his fault.
He didn't do it on purpose.
Another sign.
IT WAS JUST AN ACCIDENT
Is it the belt?
I don't know. Start the car.
Go ahead.
Again.
That's enough. It's pointless.
Excuse me, please.
Is there a garage nearby?
Two kilometers away.
That's too far.
I broke down with the family.
There's nothing closer.
Could I call them?
I don't have the number.
Okay, thanks.
Sir, I can try to repair it.
That's very kind.
Come on, Rahim, we're friends.
If ever you have a problem,
you can count on me.
That's right.
- Omid.
- What?
Don't hang up. I'll be right back.
What's going on?
A family broke down.
I'm going to try to help them out.
You're still there, Rahim?
Are you listening?
When are you bringing the van back?
I have to be there in an hour.
Same thing every time.
Since the client isn't there,
bring back the merchandise.
Yes, I have to deliver the trousseau.
It's urgent. Be a sport.
Wait, I have another call.
Talk to you later.
Hi, Mom. Everything okay?
Who turned the lights on?
Omid! Did you turn on the light?
Omid?
Sorry, I was looking
for the bathroom light.
I got the wrong switch.
Turn it off. It's the other switch.
All right. Sorry.
Sorry, Mom.
It was a customer.
Have you had dinner?
Why?
Eat. I'll be over soon.
Mom, please, the van isn't mine.
Okay.
I can't come now, Mommy dearest.
All right.
I got it. Yes.
Exactly what you asked for.
A foreign brand.
Don't worry, it'll have everything.
Anything else?
Love you.
See you later.
What's his name?
Vahid.
Vahid?
Yes?
Omid needs the toolbox.
Through the door, on the right,
there's the closet with toolboxes.
That way?
Yes.
Thank you.
Turn the engine on.
I fiddled with it. It's temporary.
- Thanks so much.
- You're welcome.
- What?
- The key.
- What for?
- It's urgent.
And the trousseau for your sister?
Join me with the van.
Don't forget my clothes.
- Careful with the bike.
- Of course. Relax.
Come out of there.
What are you doing?
Shut up, scumbag.
Just shut up. Stop wriggling.
- I'm burying you.
- No!
Filthy bastard!
What are you doing?
Stop it!
Stop it! I can't breathe!
Don't do this!
I have a family. Don't do this.
Is this your real name? Rashid Shahsavari.
Yes, it's me.
Listen, take my bank card.
The code is 1329.
Withdraw whatever you like.
Wasn't Eqbal a good enough name?
It's shorter, snappier.
Stop it!
Who's Eqbal?
Shut your mouth, you son of a bitch!
You used to say that. Remember?
You said, "If your mother wasn't a whore,
she wouldn't have had a shit like you."
So, you piece of shit?
Have you forgotten Eqbal?
Eqbal the Peg Leg. Ring a bell?
It will soon.
I've never heard that name!
Who is it?
Don't get smart with me.
You think a life of misery
has erased my memory?
That I can't recognize you?
That you can just blindfold us,
sit us down facing a wall,
and we won't recognize you?
Our ears could hear all the same.
The sound of your steps.
I'd know the squeak
of your artificial leg anywhere!
That atrocious sound
still rings in my ear.
Do you think I'm stupid? Huh?
It's obsessed me for years.
You ruined my life, asshole.
For years? I lost my leg last year
in an accident.
Stop it!
- I'll show you!
- I swear! Look for yourself!
Look at my scars!
You'll see they're recent.
I'm seeing the doctor today.
Look for yourself.
I'm begging you, stop.
Stop.
I can't breathe. I can't breathe.
Don't pull! It's an artificial limb!
Pull my pant leg up.
You'll see.
Don't pull.
Is that an old scar?
Where did you go?
Get me out of here.
Help me, I'm suffocating.
Come get me out of here.
Come, I'm begging you.
Hurry up, I'm suffocating.
What did I do to you to deserve this?
Get me out of here!
- Hello. How are you?
- Good. And you?
- Is Salar here?
- Yes, upstairs.
Hello, Salar.
- Vahid. How are you?
- And you?
- Good. Thank you.
- Where have you been, buddy?
- How's that kidney?
- Not too bad.
Have a seat.
- Am I disturbing you?
- What brings you here?
Since you're here on Tuesdays,
I came. I didn't want to call.
It's important.
Tell me first if you've seen a doctor.
I've made you dozens of
appointments. You're pushing it.
Take care of your kidney.
We always called you a jughead.
Holding your back all the time.
Now you actually look like a jug.
I've been swamped. I'll go.
So...
Here.
Who's that?
It belongs to Peg Leg.
How did you get it?
I finally found him.
I hit him with my car.
He's in my trunk.
Are you crazy, Vahid?
Don't worry, he's alive.
I need you. I have a doubt.
Can you confirm it's him?
Follow me.
What got into you?
Consider the consequences.
I didn't know what to do.
When I saw him, I lost my head.
You know what that son of a bitch
did to me?
He took everything.
My dignity, my wife, my job.
I lost everything!
I even dug a hole to bury him alive.
But he made me doubt.
He says he's not Eqbal.
I'm just asking you
to help me identify him.
This is unlike you.
We aren't killers. We're not like them.
There is no need to dig their graves.
They've done it themselves.
It's your ideals you'd be burying.
Look, I didn't come here to hear that.
I don't care anymore.
I'm going to finish what I've started.
I'm just asking you to confirm it's him.
Even if it is him, let him go.
You won't get away with it.
Salar.
During the worst times of my life,
you were there. You supported me.
I will never forget you.
If you won't help me,
I won't hold it against you.
I will do what I have to do.
Don't do this, Vahid.
Yes, my friend?
Call this number.
Do what she tells you.
All right.
Turn right.
You have reached
your destination.
That's it. Smile, Goli.
Sorry, two secs.
Watch my train.
- I have to answer.
- No problem.
Hello?
Hello, Maryam. How are you?
Yes, the whole series is ready.
I'll send it to you tonight.
Excuse me.
The wedding is tomorrow.
Right now, I'm doing the portraits.
The touch-ups are done.
You'll have them...
Of course, don't worry.
Go ahead and make your selection.
But keep us out of trouble.
Okay.
That sounds good.
Thank you. Take care.
See you later.
Hello. How are you?
We are going to take more
in the brick building over there.
It's nice to change settings.
Like I told you, I'm swamped.
But since Salar has sent you,
I'm listening.
Isn't that Ms. Biglari,
who was arrested with you?
Uh, can we go outside a few minutes?
What for?
I'm listening.
It's rather delicate.
I can't talk about it here.
I'm very busy, sir, as you can see.
Go outside, and I'll join you
when I'm done. Thank you.
I found Peg Leg.
You called him the Gimp, I believe.
Who are you exactly?
I was arrested two weeks after you.
For collusion and propaganda
against the regime.
I read your investigation.
I need you.
To make sure it's really him.
He's here?
Yes. Don't be afraid.
He can't move or speak.
He's in the back of the van.
Did you kill him?
No, the bastard's alive.
I need you to help me identify him.
I can't help you.
Salar made a grave mistake
by sending you to me.
I'm only just resuming a normal life.
And she's preparing her wedding,
which is tomorrow.
Please leave.
He beat me so much
I have to constantly hold my back.
I look like a fool. They call me jughead.
I'm waiting for your confirmation
to take care of him.
Jughead or not, I don't care.
I can't help you.
Leave or I'll have you thrown out.
Now get lost.
Sorry, my friends.
So, how are we looking?
Ali, over here. Goli, on the other side.
Yes, that's not bad.
Um...
We've got black on black.
Go back to the way you were before.
Yes, that's nice.
Uh...
Look at her.
I'll make a phone call
and be right back. Sorry.
Hello?
Hi, Salar.
He's in the van.
Whatever you do, Shiva, don't say a word.
- Why?
- He could hear you.
We'll talk afterwards, okay?
- Are you sure it's him?
- No, otherwise I wouldn't have come.
- And then what?
- What do you mean?
Even if it's him,
what are you going to do?
Leave it to me, don't worry.
I don't want to cause trouble for you.
- But is it him?
- I don't know.
I was blindfolded the whole time.
Shiva.
Get lost.
- Yes, sweetie?
- Who is he? What does he want?
Hello, brother.
We're getting married.
We came for photos. It's all legit.
The celebration is tomorrow.
You see what I mean.
I have what you need.
Ali?
- What did you say to him?
- Tell me what he wants.
Don't worry. He came to tell me something.
You seem troubled.
Go back in.
He brought the Gimp.
- Who's that?
- What?
The Gimp.
Goli...
Bring water!
Don't get so upset.
Goli, calm down. It's okay.
Go back inside.
I'm okay.
Goli.
Where is the bastard?
Calm down.
He'll hear you.
Open up!
Be quiet.
Where'd you find him?
I don't know who you are or what you want.
But I know it's too much for Goli.
If anything happens to her, watch out.
Ali, stop it. Go back inside.
See? We can't tell you
if it's him or not. Go away.
Are you kidding? That guy ruined my life.
I won't drop this
until I know if it's him.
I told you to leave.
You've put us in a fine jam.
Open again so I can see him.
Not you.
He stinks of sweat like him, in any case.
- But--
- What?
The only person
who can identify him is Hamid.
Shiva, you can't bring
that nutcase over here.
We'll go to him.
Goli is only just recovering.
We can't take any risks.
Why did you two come out here?
Listen, I have nothing to lose.
But Goli is too fragile.
Hamid is the only one who can help us.
Who is Hamid?
- One of the--
- What are we waiting for?
Listen. We are expected back home.
Give me my cell phone.
Come on.
Hi, Mom.
I'm fine.
We're off to do more photos
with Ali and Shiva.
Yes, that's right.
No, but this evening...
Don't worry. I'll be home late.
All right. Love you.
Are you reassured? We're coming.
Okay. But first, give me
your cell phones. Off.
Get in.
You have to go straight.
Some photo session.
Oh, please, we have plenty
of photos. Stop it.
What a mess.
You're constantly complaining.
That's enough.
- I don't understand--
- Shh.
- Hello.
- Hi. How are you?
Hello.
- Vahid, Abolfazl.
- Nice to meet you.
- Is the doctor here?
- Yes, come in.
I was hoping to see him.
Of course.
- How is your health? Better?
- Yes. Thank you.
- You?
- All is well.
- Thank you. Goodbye.
- My pleasure. Goodbye.
Hamid will throw a fit.
I got earplugs for the Gimp.
And this, to put him to sleep.
Do those things work?
Yes, Hamid recommended them.
And my friend told me what to do.
We can't afford to kill him.
Excuse me, may I?
- What is this?
- Give them money.
Here.
- Is that it?
- Yes.
We don't have any cash.
Park next to the small truck.
There he is.
Hey.
He's out of his mind.
Where are you going?
They're coming.
That's enough. Get in.
- What do you want?
- We're going somewhere quiet.
You have some nerve.
Why are you busting my balls?
Listen, friend, this is serious.
Is he talking to me?
Shut up, Hamid!
Tell us where we can go
to have a quiet conversation.
Go straight, then first right.
- You piece of shit!
- Hamid!
It's him! It's that scumbag!
Let go of me! Let go!
Hamid, be quiet or I'll throw you out.
I swear it's him!
That's the fucking leg he lost in Syria.
He used to take it out on guys like me.
I've been running my hand over his leg
for five years in my nightmares.
Let go of me!
First, we have to be sure.
Sure of what?
He made me feel his rotten leg
with a blindfold on
to prove his exploits
in their fucking holy war.
- Let me go.
- Calm down.
Did he admit to being Eqbal?
What do you mean, admit?
Did you speak to him?
Before I knocked him out, yes.
They're all crazy, I swear.
You expect him to admit it?
Give him two minutes,
and he'll hang us all.
If we let him, he will trap us again.
As long as he hasn't spoken, I--
Watch me, I'll make him talk!
Nobody touches him
as long as he hasn't admitted it's him.
Where did you pick up this halfwit?
How many guys have their right leg
cut off in the same place
and the same scars on the left leg?
Shut up. He's a friend of Salar's.
Now I understand. That wimp, Salar.
- Let go of me!
- Get out!
I said, let go of me.
Give me a minute.
Calm down. Why are you screaming?
You'll have a stroke.
If you yell like that,
someone's bound to hear you.
What is this, racketeering?
No, just fooling around. We're friends.
Do we look like racketeers?
No, but there's a ruckus
and strange noises in your van.
- You feeling better, Hamid?
- He's our friend.
What's going on in there?
Nothing at all.
What are you guys doing?
We are talking to these gentlemen.
Hello. How are you?
I'm a wedding photographer.
We came to take some photos.
- Here?
- The view is superb.
- So, you have an authorization?
- An authorization?
- For wedding photos?
- Of course.
Have you lost it?
Racketeering, disturbing the peace.
They're security guards.
- We were joking around.
- I see.
He's not all there. Goli.
There's nothing to see.
We're just taking a look, that's all.
We're going to the other side.
The view is nicer.
Quick.
Goli, give me a smile.
Ali, go over there.
I'll photograph Goli alone.
- We've disturbed you.
- Not at all.
Okay, that's it. Off we go.
- Got a little gift for us?
- Excuse me?
What does he want?
Your friend's not well.
- Are you a doctor?
- Excuse him.
I don't have cash. Next time.
You plan on remarrying?
Excuse me?
Do you have any cash?
I have a terminal, otherwise.
Here.
Go ahead.
- Is that not too much?
- No point skimping.
All right, here goes.
All of you, get out, please.
Excuse me?
I disturbed you for nothing.
I'm going solo.
I don't want to bother you
with my business.
Oh, it's your business?
Personally,
as long as I haven't killed the bastard,
I won't budge.
I'm perfectly comfortable here. Thanks.
I won't say it again.
If you don't get out, I won't go anywhere.
Me neither. I won't say it again.
Well, we're leaving.
- Let's go, sweetheart.
- Where to?
He's right, and we have things to do.
Do you realize?
He's the one who found him.
He can do what he wants with him.
Leave if you want to.
Without you? But you're not well.
No, I'm not well!
Even if it is him,
and they leave him to you,
what will you do with him?
This is a quagmire, darling.
The further you go, the more you sink.
It's gonna be the end of you all.
We're leaving and forgetting all of this.
It all happened before you,
and it has to stop someday.
So, it falls on today. Leave it to me.
We're getting married. Leave it to you?
Listen, everyone. The scumbag has to talk.
Or I won't be alive
for the wedding tomorrow.
Listen, Goli. I'm saying this for you.
I know you are.
Can I have a cigarette?
What are you going to do?
I'm not really sure.
Do you always act before you think?
Why do you say that?
That's what you do.
You get carried away,
make hasty decisions.
And then, you become sensible.
That's good.
I thought you'd quit smoking.
True, it's really tempting when flirting.
Stay here. I have to talk to you.
Right now, your problem is that
the guy hasn't confessed, right?
If we go somewhere out of the way,
I swear on my mother's grave
that I can make him talk in a jiffy.
Using their methods?
Not at all. I'll cook him a nice meal,
offer him a good shower.
Are you serious or what?
They let us hang upside down
for three days to get a name.
We didn't see the light of day
for three months.
And you have pity for them?
Not at all.
It's not because they resorted
to violence that we should too.
Will it never stop?
Shiva, get real.
You kidnapped him, tied him up,
knocked him out.
What more can we do?
I'm the one who did all that.
I had no choice.
Now you don't either.
If he walks away from this,
we're all in big trouble.
He didn't see us. He's blindfolded.
He knows where I work.
Oh, shit.
Well done, Vahid.
You act like a pro,
confiscate our cell phones,
and he knows where you work?
What a joke.
I didn't think things would go this far.
What's that?
- What's going on?
- I don't know.
We've stalled.
Excuse me.
You look like you've done this
all your life.
Ugh. Your colleague shit himself.
Let me handle this.
What's wrong, sweetheart?
You okay?
Is something wrong?
Not at all.
Looks like the bride and groom
put the cart before the horse.
Are you related to the groom?
- The bride.
- Congratulations.
There you go.
Forty liters, 120 tomans.
The code is 1962.
- Shall I add a zero?
- Come on.
You should share your happiness.
A package deal
for the wedding and the birth.
It's a bit steep, isn't it?
I'm kidding.
Does that suit you?
How long have you known him?
I met him today.
Shiva, don't give me that. Who is he?
Why do you trust him?
Salar sent him to me.
Anyone can show up on his behalf
and you believe them?
I'm not a pro like you.
Nonsense.
No need to be a pro
to see he's one of them.
Can't you see he's silent as a tomb?
He already knows everything about us.
And now, he wants to split.
Like that?
He's been worming information out of us.
And the guy, Eqbal?
His accomplice, of course.
Don't touch him.
Let me.
What's wrong?
What is it? You okay?
Get up.
To the van.
The fool! Catch him!
Catch him, Ali!
Stop, Hamid!
Stop!
What the hell are you doing?
Never mind.
Maybe the dose was too strong
and he croaked.
I checked earlier.
We just need to wait.
- Wait for what?
- For him to wake up.
What's the use? Awake or not,
we're gonna bury him.
He has a right to know.
How about that.
The silent majority
comes up with an opinion.
Were you waiting to see
which way the wind blew to go with it?
Well done. Hey, halfwit.
The guy heard your voice.
He'll find you in a split second
and demolish you, you'll see.
Shiva, you trust Salar's friend?
Are you sure he won't rat on you?
I say he'll spill the beans
with the first slap.
As for you, Mr. Know-it-all,
you are clueless.
And what is it you understand?
We can each voice an opinion.
You're a fine one to speak.
You got a real catch, that's for sure.
You think we don't know him?
You know how his daddy
was promoted overnight...
...like a rocket?
You're so naive.
Stop venting your anger
by needling everyone.
- Grow up!
- Goli.
Calm down. Don't go along with him.
Me, calm down?
And zombify myself with more meds?
I've had it up to here!
He's going to tell me
I'm wound up for a bride.
When I got out of jail,
that bastard said I had collaborated.
So my life outside
would be a bigger prison.
I wanted you to be here
to hear the story
from that scumbag's mouth.
Listen, Ali.
In prison,
I was blindfolded
and taken out of the cell.
They made me get on a platform.
I heard a woman say, "Should I put it on?"
And then that bastard,
"Yeah, go ahead. But since she's young,
put the noose at an angle
so her neck breaks quickly.
She'll suffer less."
Every second,
I expected to fall into the void.
I stood there for three hours.
Then I heard his voice again.
He said,
"Take her down.
She must first be deflowered
to go straight to hell."
He said that if I was a virgin,
I'd go straight to heaven.
That he'd make sure I was in hell
even on earth.
Believe me, I wanted to tell you all this
before we got married.
I was waiting for an opportunity.
So, Hamid, you want to hang me instead?
Nice. You compare me with those people?
- That's enough.
- You shut up.
You didn't spend a single hour blindfolded
with that son of a bitch.
I've been holding back until now,
but now I can answer you.
I stopped waiting for answers
long ago, pretty boy.
Since they moved me to another cell
by dragging me naked across the floor.
What was your daddy doing at the time?
Selling dollars on the black market
to secure your future.
He played his cards right.
Many people will have to own up.
All right, Hamid.
We can't wait.
But that's not what justice is.
Don't talk to me about justice.
You make me sick.
Was abandoning me
without a penny to my name just?
Or your promise to stay together forever?
I didn't leave because of that.
You've always been
and always will be broke.
You confuse friend and foe.
Stop it. You're all scared, that's all.
You're just a bunch of wimps.
You're just afraid
it will come back to haunt you.
You idiots.
I'm telling you, let me handle this.
It's in your own interest.
You'll get revenge while being
nonviolent goody two-shoes.
I'm not talking about violence.
I'm talking about a crime. Get it?
Shiva, we are at war.
This is no joke.
If you don't kill, you get killed.
Ali, the neutral.
Help me bury him,
and let's get this over with.
Call me neutral,
a collaborator, if you like.
I know those who were supposed
to liberate us
kill our youth while reciting prayers.
- You want us to kill him?
- Please spare me your grand speeches.
What a heap of shit.
From afar, you reminded me
of that play we saw.
With just a tree.
Waiting for Godot.
We're exactly in the same situation.
You've never wanted to listen to me.
But now, believe me,
it's up to us to take ourselves in hand.
No use waiting for a miracle.
All you think about is getting revenge.
He didn't kill you.
Of course he did. Worse even.
Those sons of bitches
stole the five best years of my life.
He did that to at least a hundred people.
How many years does that come to?
The problem is not an individual.
You're confusing a submissive agent
and the system.
What system? You drive me bonkers.
Those scumbags created the system.
You think he's just submissive?
He's at the root of evil.
Don't forget he wanted to deflower Goli.
He believes body and soul
in the hell he wants to send us to.
Give me a break.
Fifty years of constant speeches.
Here. You want to kill him?
Get up. Go ahead, kill him.
Give me the key.
The key!
Give it to me
instead of looking at me like that.
Are you nuts? Move over. I'll open it.
Easy.
Halfwit, it's in there.
- I'd taken it from him.
- Open.
Here it is.
Don't answer.
They'll localize us right away.
It's his house.
Of course.
They always call from a safe number.
Don't answer.
Hello?
All right.
Who was it?
His daughter. She was crying.
Her mother fainted in the kitchen.
Good grief, it's a trap.
What trap?
We have one of their men,
so they're laying a trap.
She was crying.
She wasn't putting on an act.
Jeepers.
I'm going to help her.
You can do what you like.
I'm coming with you.
He's right. I'm going too.
Going where? You could get caught.
Kidnapping an intelligence agent
is no small matter.
You coming, handsome?
It's there.
If it were a trap, they'd already be here.
Give them a minute, brainiac.
Answer.
Pick up and put it on speakerphone.
Hello? My daddy?
Come quick. I'm afraid Mommy will die.
Daddy, please.
Hello, Daddy?
I'm going.
If you see anything funny,
leave right away with the van.
Wait, I'm coming with you.
- Yes?
- Hey.
Sweetie, can you open?
We're friends of your daddy's.
We've come to help your mommy.
Mommy.
Come here, sweetie. Come into my arms.
Don't cry.
Mommy will be better soon.
Don't be afraid.
Tell me, pumpkin, do you want
a little brother or a little sister?
I want my mommy to be better.
Of course, sweetheart, she will be.
Tell me, do you know
what happened to your daddy's leg?
Will you be quiet, Hamid?
Ma'am.
We have an emergency.
- What's wrong with her?
- She's pregnant.
What's her name?
Azam Pourniaz.
Her address?
Mohammadi Avenue,
Shahin Street, number 39.
Her ID?
We were in a rush and forgot it.
Are you her husband?
No, he's my uncle.
Your daddy needs to be here, sweetie.
Her father is busy.
We tried to reach him.
You can't let her die.
It's the law. The father must be present.
What does that mean?
What if I found her in the street?
Take care of her.
What's going on? Tell me.
We don't have her ID for admissions.
How many months along?
She fainted.
She fell and didn't open her eyes again.
- Are you her first child?
- Yes.
It's her second pregnancy?
That's right.
- Do you know if she has an illness?
- No.
It's urgent. Her water has broken.
Work it out. I'm taking her down to OR
under my responsibility.
- Thank you very much.
- Hurry.
Sir, do you have a bank card?
- Yes.
- Take this to the cashier and pay.
- Where's the cashier?
- There.
Here.
- Card, please.
- Of course.
Take this one.
Would you like some?
I'm not hungry. It's for you.
Nilufar?
Yes?
- Can I ask you a question?
- Yes.
Isn't there an aunt or an uncle
whom you could call?
There is, but...
Daddy told me
never to call anyone else but him.
I'm not allowed to call other people.
Mommy's family lives in the provinces.
I can't call them.
For Mrs. Pourniaz.
Yes?
Congratulations, princess.
You have a little brother.
He's as beautiful as you are.
Can I see them?
Of course you're going to see them.
Uh...
Does your uncle know how to give a gift
or just how to make a scandal?
- What?
- Nothing.
Stay here. I'll be right back.
Go sit down.
Help yourselves.
Thank you very much.
- The baby's born?
- Yes.
Good.
- So?
- It's a boy. The mother's well.
You bring good news.
Mission accomplished. You must be proud.
Do you have cash?
No.
- What for?
- I don't believe it.
You're shelling out for them?
Pastries are customary,
and the nurse wants a tip.
Forget it. You've done enough already.
I can't leave the girl by herself.
Do you have a bank card?
Yes.
Take out 200 tomans each.
I'll manage with that.
No, thank you. I'm staying here.
Go ahead and do your good deeds.
Okay, suit yourself.
Oh, I see.
Coming from him, I can understand.
He doesn't know me, and it's his van.
But you, you don't trust me?
That's not the issue.
We'd rather be prudent.
You see, even passed out,
that scumbag causes trouble between us.
Even dead, they are a scourge on humanity.
- Why don't you come with us?
- Where?
To celebrate the birth
of that bastard's puppy?
Hey.
Come on. It's a child.
So what? He'll be worse than his dad.
All the miscarriages in prison,
wanna talk about that?
My friends, after they fall,
you'll all have to explain yourselves.
They think they are connected to God
and hide behind the Sharia.
How about you?
Will you answer for your failings?
I'm sure you won't.
This morning,
I instantly knew you were losers.
I'm wasting my time.
Turns out,
I'm the biggest idiot in this group.
Would you give it a rest?
Are you just confusing us
to do as you please again?
Nonsense.
You either dump me or come for me,
and you manage to make me feel unwanted.
- What did I do?
- You didn't call me when my mother died.
- What?
- You abandoned me.
You're lily-livered.
Always running from hardship.
That's right! I'm running away from you!
Your behavior, your decisions!
You make me sick!
That's it. I'm out of here.
He really left.
Shiva, are you coming?
Congratulations to the newlyweds.
Thank you.
I wish you happiness.
Sorry I ruined your day. I apologize.
We should part ways now.
Try to convince Goli.
She'll be easier to convince now.
She let off some steam. She feels better.
What are you going to do with him?
I'm not sure.
But don't worry.
No matter what happens,
I'll never denounce you.
Vahid, here.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
You're still here?
I couldn't just walk away from you.
Maybe you don't trust me.
I don't know.
Maybe I made Salar a promise.
I didn't think you had it in you.
Why?
You said you were against violence.
I'm not a coward.
He would have killed you.
In the name of all the saints, untie me.
I recognize your expressions.
While beating us, you said it pained you.
Do you know what you did to me,
you scumbag?
What were you getting revenge for?
We were just poor workers
demanding our rights.
We were going hungry.
- We hadn't been paid in eight months.
- What are you talking about?
Why did you ruin our lives?
I'd slaved away all my life
in that inferno to feed my family.
- You turned me into a bastard like you.
- What's this crazy talk about?
Untie me.
Shut up! Crazy talk?
I wouldn't have hurt a fly.
And today I dug your grave.
If I hadn't had a doubt,
you'd already be buried.
I don't have anything to do with this.
You're mistaken.
Be quiet and listen carefully.
I assure you, lying won't help.
If I were the man you think I am,
you'd already be dead.
I said, untie me.
You killed me a hundred times.
Have you forgotten?
I'm a zombie. One of the living dead.
When you put the noose around my neck,
you killed me.
What noose? Why would I do such a thing?
You put it on, you tipped the stool,
- and I pissed myself.
- It's got nothing to do with me.
You said, Your fiancée is dead.
Think of someone else."
She committed suicide because of you.
What do I have to do with your fiancée?
If it was me,
I would have killed you both.
She killed herself because of you,
you bastard.
- I told you, it's not me.
- I'm going to kill you!
Come here.
I really don't know
what you're talking about. Come here.
I have a family too. I understand.
I'm not the person you're talking about.
Let me go.
- Stop this.
- You're talking to me about family?
You, who brought prisoners' families
in front of the prison
to extort confessions from them.
- How dare you?
- What prisoners?
What prisoners?
Make your last wishes. It's all over.
For your wife, your daughter, your son.
Ask for what you want.
Why are you hitting me?
Clearly, you've got the wrong man.
I don't have a son.
I only have a daughter.
You've been abusing me all day
over a misunderstanding.
Let me go.
I don't have a son.
Are you sure of that?
You don't have a son?
Your son was born a little while ago.
- He's born?
- I took your wife to the hospital.
Son of a bitch. Son of a bitch!
You touched my wife, you filthy bastard?
I'm gonna kill you, you swine!
I'm gonna kill you.
Shut your mouth, asshole.
Not everybody's like you.
I would never harm your wife.
I took her to the hospital.
She was lying on the trunk
you were sleeping in.
She pulled through.
Is she okay?
- Did you see her?
- Yes.
Was she okay?
She's okay.
But I'm going to deprive you of her.
You are going to be desperate
to see her, bastard.
Let me tell you something.
You're not a killer.
Otherwise, you wouldn't
have taken care of her.
Think about it.
Listen carefully to what I'm about to say.
I'm not saying it
because I'm afraid to die.
I'm saying it
because you took her to the hospital.
Listen.
Actually...
Where are you? What's your name?
- Answer me.
- See how it feels?
- Shut up.
- You shut up.
You blindfolded us.
I'll find you. I'll recognize your voice.
Stop wasting your time.
All right, you win.
You guessed, I'm Eqbal.
AKA Peg Leg. So what?
So what? What are you going to do?
- It's you?
- Do what you want.
I'm going to strangle you!
You scum!
It's me. Eqbal the Peg Leg.
I'd give my life for the regime, you fool.
I lost my leg in Syria.
I sacrificed it for the regime
and our Supreme Guide.
You see? Nothing's more important to me.
What are you going to do? Huh?
You think we're gonna let
deadbeats like you
endanger the regime
because their paycheck is late?
Seriously? You're kidding yourself.
We've had thousands of martyrs,
of wounded.
It's not to...
let you betray us.
Let you deliver us to the enemy.
That's not how it goes.
Listen to me and shut up.
- Shut up.
- You shut up.
Listen to me carefully.
Either you deserved your sentence
and you got it.
Or you didn't deserve it
and justice will be done in heaven.
Do you understand? That's all.
So, you talk like ISIS?
They killed innocent people and said,
"If they were guilty,
it served them right.
Otherwise, they'll go to heaven."
Bunch of bastards.
Doesn't matter what you do,
who you talk to
or what you believe in. I don't care.
If I leave this place
and my family's safe and sound,
I'll leave you alone.
I'll close my eyes and ears.
And if I die...
I'll reach my goal of becoming a martyr.
I won't say another word.
Say your last wishes. I'm burying you.
- I'm going to kill you.
- You scumbag!
What are you doing, Shiva?
Filthy bastard,
you dream of becoming a martyr?
Who are you? How many of you are there?
- You dream of dying?
- Don't touch me.
- Shut up.
You wanna be a martyr?
I'm the angel of death.
I'm here to grant you your wish.
Bastard, you said
you wouldn't speak anymore.
- Shut up.
- You shut up.
Aside from regrets, not a word out of you.
You filthy bastard,
if you say one more word,
I'll beat your face in with a shovel.
- What are you--?
- Shut up.
Shut up.
You are only allowed to say
you're a piece of shit.
Got that? Shut up.
You scumbag.
- Think you're still an inspector?
- Yes.
Yeah, right, piece of shit.
You're a nobody.
Just a filthy piece of shit, got that?
- Got that, you scum?
- Clown.
You're the clown.
You're just a steaming pile of shit.
It's you, understood?
You're fighting for the regime?
You think the country belongs to you?
You're fighting for the Guide?
You scum.
All the wealth going out the window,
is it our fault?
While you help yourselves to the country.
You filthy bastard.
You think I'm gonna let you
get away with it?
Ruining people's lives, like mine?
I know your despicable voice.
The only thing it can still say
is that you're a heap of shit.
You asked me how much I was paid
to wave my veil on a stick.
You made your artificial limb
squeak on purpose
to boast about your exploits in Syria.
Do you remember?
With your filthy mouth...
...you would whisper in my ear.
How many dollars did it take
to make you strip?
You are going to die a martyr.
I'll make your dream come true.
You'll see.
I'm going to send you to the sky.
Your voice has been ringing in my head
for so long.
Say you're sorry, you scumbag.
- I'm sorry.
- Say it.
No, not like that.
You said my voice
should etch the walls of the prison.
Now yours has to etch the earth!
I'm sorry.
You said I stripped naked.
Now your son is going to see you naked.
In a photograph,
since you'll have fallen a martyr.
Say you're sorry.
- I'm sorry.
- Louder.
Louder.
I'm sorry!
- You piece of shit!
- I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry.
You piece of shit!
I swear I'm just like you.
I have to make a living.
I'm sorry.
When you refused to confess,
I felt humiliated.
I thought you were making fun of me.
Like when I was little.
I swear.
I swear, I'm sorry.
I had a guilty conscience,
but got used to it with time.
Let me see my son. I'm begging you.
I want to see my son.
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Give me your hands.
Your cell phone and papers are here.
I'm leaving you with a utility knife
so you can free yourself.
The road is a 15-minute walk away.
Omid, how is it going?
It's really nice of you.
Sorry for the trouble.
Not at all.
- Can I bring you something?
- No, thank you.
Leave it, Mom.
- I can do it.
- No.
Give me that.
- Hello. How are you?
- Good. And you?
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- Go inside.
- No, thank you.
Goodbye.
- Thank you.
- You didn't buy everything.
Some things are missing.
What kind of trousseau is this?
I'm alone doing it, Mom. You tell her.
It looks stingy.
I'm doing my best. Don't embarrass me
in front of my friend.
Go serve the tea. It will be all right.
Subtitles by
Mariette Kelley & Cynthia Schoch
Subtitling by
TransPerfect Media France